Update Mission (#6)
osg-htc/collaboration-support: docs/index.md

### Mission

The mission of OSG Collaboration Support is to enable access and lower the barrier for Midsize collaborations to leverage

> the OSG Consortium's services and technologies for their research. 

Author: ```suggestion
the OSG Consortium’s services and technologies for their research. 
```
